Boost: Update the short description (#44143)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/boost/readme.txt

License: GPLv2 or later
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

> One-click WordPress performance optimization: Critical CSS, Page Cache, Deferred JS, Image CDN, and minification. Boost Core Web Vitals.

Reviewer: Adding suggestion based on internal discussion from pgo0CM-og-p2#comment-278

```suggestion
Speed up your WordPress site with one-click optimizations like Page Cache, Critical CSS, and Image CDN to improve Core Web Vitals.
```
